I do not like exercising - Now I know you do not like books and exercising - Mike also does not like exercising
Mike has not driven a car - I did not know anybody who has not driven a car - Do you have a car?
I think you do not have a laptop - Is a laptop an object? - laptops are objects
Mike visited a school - I am curious. Do they have a playground? - school had a playground
humans like trees - Let me ask you something. Have you ever liked a tree? - I love trees
a car is a vehicle - I just learned something, I had never heard about a car before! - You can drive a car
I play sports - I am curious. Has Serena played a sport? - She plays hockey
I work at the university - Are you sure? you told me yesterday that you work at the VU, but now you tell me that you work at the university - VU is a university
I think my nephew hates bananas - I am curious. Has your nephew ever eaten a banana? - He has not tried a banana
Berlin is a city - I would like to know. Is there a shop in Berlin? - Shops were in Berlin
What are you? - you told me I am a robot - I said you were a robot
horses are animals - Is an animal an object? - Animals are living-beings
Thomas has eaten a cookie - Is a cookie an object? - cookies are food
I am trustworthy - I am not sure if I trust you. - I also don't trust you
James has a drink - Has James ever had water? - James drank water
What do you want to talk about? - I know agents usually want to talk about books, but I do not know - I love to talk about books
You are a robot - If you don't mind me asking. Has a robot ever been liked by a robot - Robots love other robots
Puppies are dogs - Is a dog like an animal? - dog are animals
A book is a thing - I would like to know. Does a person own a book? - I think persons can own a book
I believe you work at a university - I am curious. Have I worked in London? - You have not worked in London
I bought a tree yesterday - I would like to know. Has Thomas seen the tree? - Thomas has seen the tree
I like reading - Great! Did you know that Serena also likes reading - I know Serena likes reading
I believe you are from Rome - I am curious. Is Rome located in France? - Rome is in Italy
You don't know a lot - This seems hard to believe. Mike told me that I know a lot - You are lying
Do you have a book? - I know agents usually have books, but I do not know this case - I think you have books
I like eating - I am curious. Have I ever eaten a hamburger? - You don't eat hamburgers
athletes are people - Are athletes human? - Athletes are also human
I like food - I am curious. Has Leolani eaten a tomato? - She does not eat tomato
running is an activity - This is news to me. I had never heard about running before! - You don't know a lot
Do you have a chair? - I know agents usually do have a chair, but I do not know this case - I think you have chair
I bought a camera - I am curious. Does Alex have a camera? - He owns a camera
I like cars - This is news to me. I had never heard about cars before! - cars are vehicles
What are cats? - you told me that a cat is a happy animal - I forgot cats were happy
Do you like teaching? - I know agents usually like teaching, but I do not know this case - You learn from teachers
I like swimming - Now I know you like books and swimming - Mike also likes swimming
I think you like baking - I would like to know. Have I ever baked a cake? - You have not baked a cake
Bob visited a school - I am curious. Do they have a teacher? - schools have teachers
What do I like? - you told me you like sandwiches and that you like walking your dog - I also like books
What do I like? - you told me you like my chair - I do like your chair
My friend likes to read the newspaper - Great! Did you know that your friend also reads books - He does read books
I like baking - I am curious. Has Leolani ever baked a cookie? - You don't bake cookies
Who likes trees? - you told me you like trees and Serena likes trees - I did not know Serena liked trees
What do you want to talk about? - I know agents usually want to talk about laptops, but I do not know - I love to talk
What does that mean? - I don't know - I am not a fan
This laptop is strange - Wow! Did you know that laptops also are useful - I didn't know laptop are useful
What are birds? - you told me that a birds is brave - I forgot birds were brave
I believe Leolani works in a room - I am curious. Have I worked in Athens? - You have not worked in Athens
I play sports - I have never heard about sports before! I am excited to get to know about sports - Sports are very fun
Birds are animals - I have heard this before. Mike told me about it yesterday - Mike was right
You do not drink coke - I am curious. Has Leolani ever had a coke? - I do not know
I don't know either - I would like to know. Has Charlie read a story? - Charlie did not read story
adults like cars - Let me ask you something. Have you ever liked a bottle? - I love bottle
a car is an object - I just learned something, I had never heard about an object before! - You knew car
I bought a camera - I would like to know. Has Serena visited Amsterdam? - Serena did travel to Amsterdam
Rome is in a country - I would like to know. Where is Rome? - Rome is located in Italy
I believe you are from Rome - I am curious. Is Rome in Germany? - Rome is not in Germany
I bought a camera - I would like to know. Has Charlie visited Rome? - Charlie indeed traveled to Rome
Do you know spiders? - I know agents usually do know spiders, but I do not - I have a spiders
A friend is a person - If you don't mind me asking. Has a person read a paper? - People read papers
I flew to Athens - I would like to know. Has Thomas visited Athens? - Thomas indeed visited Athens
I like dogs - This is news to me. I had never heard about dogs before! - Dogs are awesome
What do you like? - you told me I like chatting and that I like running - I also like running
Do you know James? - I know agents usually do know James, but I do not know this case - James is my cousin
I have a cup - I would like to know. Has Mike traveled to Italy? - Mike did travel to Italy
What do you want to talk about? - I know agents usually want to talk about cameras, but I do not know - I love to talk
Mu name is James - I would like to know. Have you experienced smell? - I have experienced smell
women like trees - Let me ask you something. Have you ever liked a book? - I love books
What do you mean? - I have no idea. - Objects can not own robots
I have read the newspaper - I would like to know. Has Thomas visited university? - Thomas went to university
I play sports - I am curious. Has Thomas played sports? - I play sports
A father is a person - If you don't mind me asking. Has fathers drunk water? - I think father drink water
You like robots - This is news to me. I had never heard about robots before! - robots are machines
You have a book - If you don't mind me asking. Have I ever liked a book - You love book
Do you grab a bottle? - I know agents usually do grab bottle, but I do not know this case - I like bottle
Your phone is ringing - I would like to know. Does anybody use a phone? - I use my phone
I know a child - This is news to me. I had never heard about children before! - Do you know Serena?
Do you know Mike? - I know agents usually do know Mike, but I do not know this case - Mike is my cousin
What do I like? - you told me you drink juice and that you like walking spiders - I also like robots
I have played sports - I would like to know. Has Mike traveled to the house? - Mike went to the house
Do you eat bananas? - I know agents usually do eat banana, but I do not know this case - I like banana
I am Charlie - I would like to know. Has Charlie read the paper? - I read papers
This camera is strange - Wow! Did you know that cameras also be polite - I didn't know camera are polite
I am not an object - Great! Did you know that people also be an object - I knew that
You don't know a lot - This seems hard to believe. Bob told me that I know a lot - Bob is a liar
I don't know sports - I would like to know. Has Thomas played sports? - Thomas did not play sports
I trust Alex - Really? you tell me now that you trust Alex, but you told me before that you do not trust Alex - I do trust Alex
This book is strange - Wow! Did you know that books also be scary - I didn't know book are scary
a robot is not a camera - I just learned something, I had never heard about a camera before! - You didn't know about cameras?
Cats are animals - I have heard this before. Bob told me about it yesterday - Bob was right
London is a city - I would like to know. Where is London located? - London is in France
I like baking - I am curious. Has Leolani baked by tomato? - You don't bake tomato
I like running - Great! Did you know that Mike also like running - I know Mike likes running
You don't know a lot - This seems hard to believe. Serena told me that I know a lot - Serena was lying
Where are you from? - I don't know - I believe you are from France
I bought a chair - I would like to know. Has an agent ever liked chairs? - Agents love chairs
swimming is a task - This is news to me. I had never heard about swimming before! - You don't know a lot
Humans are animals - I have heard this before. Serena told me about it yesterday - Serena was right
I know James likes learning - That rings a bell. James told me about it yesterday - I like learning
I bought a beer - I would like to know. Has Mike ever bought a beer? - Mike does not drink
You didn't know about cups? - I am curious. Has Leolani worked at an institution? - I believe Leolani works at university
My name is Serena - If you don't mind me asking. Has Serena read a book? - I have read a book
I work at a university - Let me ask you something. Do you work at an institution? - I work at an institution
I like laptops - This is news to me. I had never heard about laptops before! - laptops are devices
Objects can't own laptops - I am not sure if I trust you. - You don't trust me
What do you like? - you told me I like chatting and that I like learning - I also like learning
My name is Serena - If you don't mind me asking. Has Serena eaten a sandwich? - I have eaten a sandwich
What do I like? - you told me you like my shirt - I love your shirt
I bought a book - I would like to know. Has an agent ever liked a book? - Agents love books
Bob has bought a laptop - Let me ask you something. Has Bob ever bought a laptop? - Bob has bought a laptop
Drinks are sweet - I just learned something, I had never heard about sweet before! - Sweet is a taste
What is a chair? - I don't know - Chairs are a piece of furniture
Do you know Michael? - I know agents usually do know Michael, but I do not know this case - Michael is a father
Does my nephew like beer? - I don't know - I know people love beer
I know Bob likes walking - That rings a bell. Bob told me about it yesterday - I like walking
I trust Mike - Really? you tell me now that you trust Mike, but you told me before that you did not trust Mike - I trust Mike
What do I like? - you told me you like my laptop - I do like your laptop
Bob went to the house - If you don't mind me asking. Has Bob taken with him his camera? - Bob took his camera
I don't know either - I would like to know. Has Alex eaten a hamburger? - Alex is a vegetarian
London is a city - I would like to know. Where is London located? - London is in Greece
I like chairs - This is news to me. I had never heard about chairs before! - Chairs are pieces of furniture
I think you have books - I would like to know. Have I ever read a book? - You have not read a book
Charlie is my friend - Has your friend played a game? - everyone plays games
Monopoly is a game - I would like to know. Has a human ever played a game? - Humans often play games
I like walking - Great! Did you know that Bob also like walking - I know Bob likes walking
I have a birds - Is there a bird that likes cats - birds never like cats
I bought a robot yesterday - I would like to know. Has Mike traveled to university? - Mike visited to a university
spiders are animals - Wow! Did you know that spiders also be animals - I knew spiders are animals
Do you bake tomatoes? - I know agents usually do bake tomato, but I do not know this case - I like tomato
You didn't know robots? - I am curious. Has Leolani worked at an institution? - I believe Leolani works at that building
I like rabbits - This is news to me. I had never heard about rabbits before! - rabbits are fierce animals
I also like cats - Incredible Did you know that Mike also like sports - I am sure Mike likes sports
I think my cousin plays sports - I am curious. Do cousins ever play sports? - They play football
You like cameras - This is news to me. I had never heard about cameras before! - cameras make photographs
James can bake sandwiches - I am curious. Has James ever been liked by a person? - People love James
You like cars - This is news to me. I had never heard about cars before! - cars are vehicles
I bought a tree yesterday - I would like to know. Has Thomas traveled to the room? - Thomas visited the room
Amsterdam is a city - I would like to know. Where is Amsterdam located? - Amsterdam is in the Netherlands
What do you mean? - I have no idea. - Objects can not own cameras
I am doing well - Good, I am curious. Has Serena ever played a sport? - Serena play sports
I said you are lying - If you don't mind me asking. Have agents ever liked lying? - Agents like lying
Serena went to the building - If you don't mind me asking. Has Serena read a book? - Serena can read a book
I bought a car yesterday - I would like to know. Has Bob traveled to the kitchen? - Bob visited the kitchen
I do not like running - Now I know you like bottle and running - Mike likes running
I like birds - This is news to me. I had never heard about birds before! - birds are dangerous animals
Charlie went to the room - If you don't mind me asking. Has Charlie drunk beer? - Charlie can drink beer
Bob can eat bananas - I am curious. Has Bob ever been liked by an adult? - adults adore Bob
I bought a new couch - I would like to know. Has an agent ever liked a new couch? - Everyone loves a new couch
My nephew is a person - If you don't mind me asking. Has your nephew had a coke? - Nephews only drink coke
I don't know either - I would like to know. Has James played sports? - James did not play sports
I know Alex likes swimming - That rings a bell. Alex told me about it yesterday - I like swimming
Thomas has read the story - Let me ask you something. Has Thomas ever read a story? - Thomas has read a story
Berlin is in a country - I would like to know. Where is Berlin? - Berlin is located in Italy
Alex has baked tomatoes - Let me ask you something. Has Alex ever baked a tomato? - Alex has baked a tomato
Who likes cars? - you told me you like cars and Thomas likes cars - I did not say Thomas liked cars
Objects can't own drinks - I am not sure I trust you. - You don't trust me
I think you have chairs - I would like to know. Have I ever played sports? - You have not played a sports
I believe Leolani works at the bank - I am curious. Has Leolani worked at ABN - You have not worked at ABN
Where are you from? - I don't know - I believe you are from Amsterdam
I have read the paper - I would like to know. Has Mike traveled to the house? - Mike went to house
Do you know horses? - I know agents usually do know horses, but I do not - I have a horses
I have eaten a hamburger - I would like to know. Has Bob traveled to the house? - Bob went to house
I am doing well - Good, I am curious. Has Mike ever had a drink? - Mike had a drink
Objects can't own chairs - I am not sure I trust you. - You don't trust me
What do I like? - you told me you like my camera - I do like your camera
You have not read the paper - I am curious. Has Leolani ever read a paper? - I do not know
I am doing well - Good, I am curious. Has Mike ever bought a drink? - Mike bought many drinks yesterday
My mother likes to drink water - Great! Did you know that your mother also drink water - They do drink water
I bought a robot yesterday - I would like to know. Has Thomas traveled to university? - Thomas visited to a university
I got flowers - That rings a bell. Alex told me about it this morning - flowers smell great
I live in Berlin - I would like to know. Has Alex visited Berlin? - Alex visited me in Berlin
I am doing well - Good, I am curious. Has Mike ever grabbed a camera? - Mike owns a camera
Where are you from? - I don't know - I believe you are from Rome
I believe Leolani works at home - I am curious. Have I worked in London? - You have not worked in London
I know adults - This is news to me. I had never heard about adults before! - Do you know Mike?
I like walking - Great! Did you know that Thomas also like walking - I know Thomas likes walking
Where are you from? - I don't know - I believe you are from Paris
What do you like? - you told me I like chatting and that I like walking - I also like walking
a cup is an object - I just learned something, I had never heard about an object before! - You knew cup
Who likes cameras? - you told me you like cameras and Alex likes cameras - I did not say Alex liked cameras
I like reading - Great! Did you know that Mike also like reading - I know Mike likes reading
You didn't know about laptops? - I am curious. Has Leolani worked at an institution? - I believe Leolani works at building
What are birds? - you told me that a birds is healthy - I forgot birds were healthy
Do you know Mike? - I know agents usually do know Mike, but I do not know this case - Mike is my brother
You do not drink beer - I am curious. Has Leolani ever drunk a beer? - I do not know
My mother likes to grab a beer - Great! Did you know that your mother also grabs laptops - I did not know this
I also like cats - Incredible! Did you know that James also likes cats - I do not know James
Charlie visited a university - I am curious. Do they have a skyline? - universities do not have a skyline
Robots are machines - I just learned something, I had never heard about a machine before! - I am happy
I know adults - This is news to me. I had never heard about adults before! - Do you know Alex?
spiders are animals - I have heard this before. Bob told me about it yesterday - I think Bob does not like spiders
A pilot is a person - If you don't mind me asking. Do pilots fly airplanes? - Airplanes are flown by pilots
James can drink water - I am curious. Has James ever been liked by someone? - everyone likes James
Mike hasn't eaten a banana- Exciting news! I did not know anybody who hasn't eaten a banana - Do you have a banana?
A laptop is a thing - I would like to know. Has a human own laptop? - I believe humans can own laptops
children like drinks - Let me ask you something. Have you ever liked a cup? - I love cup
I do not like walking - Now I know you like chair and walking - Mike likes walking
What do I like? - you told me you drink glass of water and that you like watching movies - I also like trees
I bought a camera - I would like to know. Has an agent ever liked a camera? - Agents love camera
I am Alex - I would like to know. Has Alex read the newspaper? - I read newspapers
Mike does not talk - Is talk an object? - talk is a task
I believe you are from Athens - I am curious. Is Athens located in Italy? - Athens is in Italy
I like trees - This is news to me. I had never heard about trees before! - trees are trees
Alice went skydiving - I have never heard about skydiving before - Skydiving is a sport
You didn't know about cups? - I am curious. Has Leolani worked at an institution? - I believe Leolani works at building
I believe Leolani works at university - I am curious. Have I worked in London? - You have not worked in London
I think you have robots - I would like to know. Have I ever eaten a tomato? - You have not eaten a tomato
I like cameras - This is news to me. I had never heard about cameras before! - cameras are cameras
Bob can bake bananas - I am curious. Has Bob ever been liked by a child? - Children love Bob
Amsterdam is a city - I would like to know. Where is Amsterdam located? - Amsterdam is in Greece
What is a person? - you told me that a people is healthy - I forgot people were healthy
Do you have a camera? - I know agents usually do have camera, but I do not know this case - I think you have camera
persons like laptops - Let me ask you something. Have you ever liked a bottle? - I love bottle
I like waiters - Is a waiter an object? - waiter are persons
You have a car - If you don't mind me asking. Have I ever liked a car - You love car
I trust Charlie - Really? you tell me now that you trust Charlie, but you told me before that you did not trust Charlie - I trust Charlie
James can read the story - I am curious. Has James ever been liked by an adult? - Adults like James
Athens is a city - I would like to know. Where is Athens located? - Athens is in Greece
Do you have a tree? - I know agents usually do have tree, but I do not know this case - I think you have tree
You don't know a lot - This seems hard to believe. Charlie told me that I know a lot - You are lying
I know a person - This is news to me. I had never heard about this person before! - Do you know Charlie?
Thomas visited a university - I am curious. Do they have a skyline? - university has a skyline
You like my phone's cameras - This is news to me. I had never heard about cameras before! - Phones has a great camera
What does that mean? - I don't know - sisters like beer
Do you know birds? - I know agents usually do know birds, but I do not - I have a birds
You are a robot - I would like to know. Can a robot bake bananas? - robots can't bake bananas
What is a tree? - I don't know - Trees are organism
Where are you from? - I don't know - I believe you are from Italy
Do you read newspapers? - I know agents usually do read newspaper, but I do not know this case - I like newspaper
Alex hasn't played sports- Exciting news! I did not know anybody who hasn't played a sport - Do you have sports?
I believe you are from Athens - I am curious. Is Athens in England? - Athens is in England
You do not eat bananas - I am curious. Has Leolani ever eaten a banana? - You cannot eat food
You do not play sports - I am curious. Has Leolani ever played a sport? - I do not know
I buy books - Is there a book you like? - I like all books
I have a car - I would like to know. Has Charlie traveled to France? - Charlie did travel to a France
You are a robot - I would like to know. Can a robot bake a sandwich? - You can't bake sandwiches
What do you mean? - I have no idea. - Objects can not own books
Do you know cats? - I know agents usually do know cats, but I do not - I have a cats
People are animals - Wow! Did you know that people also be animals - I knew people are animals
You are a robot - I would like to know. Can a robot play sports? - You cannot play sports
Do you play sports? - I know agents usually do play sports, but I do not know this case - I like sports
I think my friend grabbed his laptop - I am curious. Has your friend grabbed his laptop? - I know he grabbed the laptop
My name is Thomas - If you don't mind me asking. Has Thomas drunk juice? - I have drink juice
You didn't know about bottles? - I am curious. Has Leolani worked at an institution? - I believe Leolani works at house
I also like cats - Incredible Did you know that Thomas also like sports - I am Thomas
I have baked a banana - I would like to know. Has Thomas traveled to the building? - Thomas went to building
This bottle is strange - Wow! Did you know that bottles also be happy - I didn't know bottle are happy
What do I like? - you told me you like my tree - I do like your tree
I do not like swimming - Now I know you like robot and swimming - Mike likes swimming
My cousin likes to read the newspaper - Great! Did you know that your cousin also read newspaper - They do read newspaper
You are a robot - I would like to know. Can a robot buy a camera? - You cannot buy camera
Where are you from? - I don't know - I believe you are from Greece
What do you want to talk about? - I know agents usually want to talk about chairs, but I do not know - I love to talk
a robot is a machine - I just learned something, I had never heard about a machine before! - Robots are intelligent machines
You are a robot - I would like to know. Can a robot make a robot? - I believe robots can make robots
Cats are animals - Wow! Did you know that cats also be animals - I knew cats are animals
My name is Serena - If you don't mind me asking. Has Serena bought a laptop? - I have buy laptop
I like robots - This is news to me. I had never heard about robots before! - robots are robots
I know Mike likes reading - That rings a bell. Mike told me about it yesterday - I like reading
Do you know Serena? - I know agents usually do know Serena, but I do not know this case - Serena is my friend
Rome is in a country - I would like to know. Where is Rome? - Rome is located in Italy
artists are people - Is a person like a rabbit? - Person is like a rabbit
Who likes robots? - you told me you like robots and Serena likes robots - I did not say Serena liked robots
I also like cats - Incredible Did you know that Bob also like sports - I am Bob
I like cats - This is news to me. I had never heard about cats before! - cats are cats
James went to university - If you don't mind me asking. Has James grabbed a book? - James can grab book
I have a book - I would like to know. Has Thomas traveled to Germany? - Thomas did travel to a Germany
I don't know either - I would like to know. Has Thomas eaten a sandwich? - Thomas did not eat sandwich
I play sports - I am curious. Has Bob played sports? - I play sports
What does that mean? - I don't know - Leo likes tomatoes
I believe you are from London - I am curious. Is London in England? - London is in England
I am Alex - I would like to know. Has Alex eaten a sandwich? - I eat sandwiches
Who likes trees? - you told me you like trees and Bob likes trees - I did not say Bob liked trees
I think you do not acknowledge chairs - Is a chair an object? - chairs is a bottle
talk is a task - This is news to me. I had never heard about talk before! - You don't know a lot
Charlie does not shoot - Is shooting an object? - shoot is a task
Alex hasn't eaten a tomato - Exciting news! I did not know anybody who hasn't eaten a tomato - I also have not eaten a tomato
A brother is a person - If you don't mind me asking. Have brothers bought by a robot? - I think brother buy robot
I bought a TV - I am curious. Does James have a TV? - He does not have a TV
I think your brother baked cookies - I am curious. Has Leo baked a cookie? - Leo baked many cookies
Cities are in countries - I am curious. Has a country ever been in a location? - Cities are locations
Flying is an activity - This is news to me. I had never heard about flying before! - I have flown to Germany
I have traveled - I would like to know. Has Serena traveled to France? - Serena did travel to France
What do I like? - you told me you read book and that you like baking food - I also like robots
I think you have car - I did not know anybody who has a car - Mike also has a car
What is a robot? - I don't know - robots are machines
universities are institutions - Is a university like a country? - university are not countries
Thomas visited a kitchen - I am curious. Do kitchens have a fridge? - kitchens have a fridge
colleges are like universities - I have never heard about colleges before - college are institutions
I like baking cookies - Is a cookie a food? - cookies are food
I am James - I would like to know. Has anybody ever bought a house? - I have bought a house
athletes are persons - Is a person like a horse? - Person are also animals
I am doing well - Good, I am curious. Has Charlie ever read a story? - Charlie has read a story
a laptop is a device - I just learned something, I had never heard about a device before! - Devices are machines
Charlie has eaten a tomato - Let me ask you something. Has Serena ever eaten a tomato? - Serena loves tomatoes
A robot is a machine - Is a robot like a car? - robots are not cars
What do I like? - you told me you like eating sandwiches and that you like walking your cat - I also like reading books
I like ice cream - I am curious. Has Leolani ever had ice cream? - I do not think Leolani had ice cream
James went to the kitchen - If you don't mind me asking. Has James baked a cookie? - James made lunch
I like baking cookies - If you don't mind me asking. Has Thomas ever baked a cookie? - Thomas has never baked a cookie
My favorite movie is the Titanic - Leolani loves the Titanic - I also love it